[MUSIC PLAYING]
KAYCE BASQUES: Greetings.
Chrome 71 has arrived.
Here's what's new in DevTools.
Back in Chrome 70, we
shipped live expressions,
which let you pin an expression
to the top of your console
and monitor its
value in real time.
In Chrome 71, when you hover
over a live expression that
points to a DOM node,
DevTools highlights
that node in the viewport.
To create a live
expression, click
this little eye of Mordor icon.
Type the expression, then click
outside of the UI to save it.
Here, I'm watching
document.activeelement, which
tells me what node has focus.
When I hover over
the result, DevTools
shows the node's box
model in the viewport.
When working in the
console or Elements panel,
you can now store DOM
nodes as global variables.
Suppose I want to quickly get a
reference to this button node.
Before Chrome 71, I'd have
to do something hacky,
like select the node
in the DOM tree,
then assign dollar
sign 0 to a console.
Now, you can just right
click the DOM tree
and select Store
as Global Variable.
If you're logging
nodes to the console,
you can right click the result
and select Store as Global
Variable from there, too.
HAR files let you share network
logs with your teammates.
DevTools' HAR files now contain
custom fields for initiator
and priority information.
The Initiator field tells
you why the resource was
downloaded, and
the Priority field
tells you what download
priority Chrome
assigned to the resource.
To export a HAR file, first
capture some network traffic,
then right click and select
Save All as HAR with Content.
The new fields are called
underscore initiator
and underscore priority.
The underscore means that
they are custom fields, not
part of the HAR spec.
To import a HAR file
back into DevTools,
just drag and drop it
into the Network panel.
You'll notice that the Initiator
and Priority columns now
get properly populated
after an input.
If you can't see these columns,
right click the Table header
and enable them.
You can now access the Command
menu from the main menu.
Click the three dots icon
to open the main menu,
then select Run Command.
From here, you can do
lots of handy stuff,
such as open panels,
open drawers,
change the appearance
of DevTools, and so on.
Here's a bonus tip.
To view the events fired on an
element, use Monitor Events.
In this demo, I've
got a big button.
I want to add a red
border to the button
when I focus it,
and then type R-E-D.
But I don't know the
names of the events
that I need in order to do this.
So I right click the
node in the DOM tree
and use our handy new Store
as Global Variable feature
to get a reference to it.
Then I call Monitor
Events and pass the node
as the first argument.
Now, when I hover
over the button,
we see a bunch of mouse move
and pointer move events.
When I click the button, we
see the trusty Click event,
which we all know and love.
When I press Tab to focus the
node, we see a focus event.
Last, when I type R, we see
key down, key press, and key
up events.
Same for E and D.
So it looks like I just
need the key press events
to get this feature working.
And indeed, over
here I got a sample
working using only
the key press events.
When you want to stop
monitoring a node's events,
call Unmonitor Events, and pass
the node as the first argument
again.
You can also limit
what events get
logged by passing an array
as the second argument, where
each item of the array
is the name of an event
that you care about, such
as key press and focus.
We also have a few
shorthand codes
that let you monitor a group
of related events all at once.
For example, passing
the mouse code
tells DevTools to log
all mouse-related events.
Check out the Monitor Events
API reference to learn more.
Thanks for watching.
See you in six
weeks for Chrome 72.
[MUSIC PLAYING]